*Directions: You have 20 minutes to plan and write your response. Your response will be judged on the basis of the quality of your writing and on how well your response presents the points in the lecture and their relationship to the reading passage. Typically, an effective response will be 150 to 225 words.
Summarise the points made in the lecture,being sure to explain how they cast doubt on specific points made in the reading passage.*
## QUESTION
In the United States, employees typically work five days a week for eight hours each day. However, many employees want to work a four-day week and are willing to accept less pay inorder to do so. A mandatory policy requiring companies to offer their employees the option of working a four-day workweek for four-fifths (80 percent)of their normal pay would benefit the economy as a whole as well as the individual companies and the employees who decided to take the option. The shortened workweek would increase company profits because employees would feel more rested and alert, and as a result, they would make fewer costly errors in their work. Hiring morestaff to ensure that the same amount of work would be accomplished would not result in additional payroll costs because four-day employees would only be paid 80 percent of the normal rate.  
In the end, companies would have fewer overworked and error-prone employees for the same money, which would increase company profits. For the country as a whole, one of the primary benefits of offering this option to employees is that it would reduce unemployment rates. If many full-time employees started working fewer hours, some of their workload would have to be shifted to others. Thus, for every four employees who went on an 80 percent week, a new employee could be hired at the 80 percent rate.  
Finally, the option of a four-day workweek would be better for individual employees. Employees who could afford a lower salary in exchange for more free time could improve the quality of their lives by spending the extra time with their families, pursuing private interests, or enjoying leisure activities. 
## ANSWER
The passage argues that four-day work week will benefit companies, the whole economy, and individuals. But in the lecture, the professor holds a totally different view that no one will be beneficial from the new work week. Firstly, the passage says that companies will get more profits for employees can work more effectively. However, the lecture points out that four-day workweek will lead to spend more. That is because companies have to spend more money on training, medical benefits, office positions, even new computers. Secondly, the passage claims that the whole economy will benefit, for the four-day workweek is a way to reduce unemployment rates. The lecture refutes the idea completely. Admittedly, there are more available jobs, but companies will prefer to let employees work overtime to finish them for hiring new staff is too expensive. In addition, the companies may lift their expectation that staff finish five-day jobs within four-day. Thirdly, the passage suggests that individual employees can benefit from it. Though the four-day workweek can provide more leisure time to employees, the lecture argues against the passage. Comparing to five-day workers, the four-day workweek employees may be the first one to be fire during economic depression. And they will have less chance to promotion because companies wish that managers could be on duty every work day.