## TPO1-Independent-Writing
> Question

Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? At universities and colleges, sports and social activities are just as important as classes and libraries and should receive equal financial support. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

> Answer 1

As people regard education as an essential part of life more and more, where the educational budgets should be devoted to rises to a hot topic. Some people hold the view that money is supposed to be put into classes and libraries, while others believe that an equal amount of financial support should be given to sports and social activities at universities and colleges. From my perspective, sports and social activities make a complete campus life together with classes and libraries, so I firmly agree with the statement.  First of all, playing sports makes a person healthy and energetic to face the future challenges. It can be seen everywhere that more and more students wear glasses, and too much reading along with facing computers for a long time makes it even worse. Then they may suffer from eye problems or other physical diseases. The only way of improving this case is to encourage them to take some time relaxing in sports. Furthermore, playing a ball game together is the best method to promote teamwork spirit. After a period of playing together, members will develop a way to solve problems and achieve their common goal. Therefore, sports strengthen one's body as well as enhance the spirit of teamwork. Besides, social activities can help foster abilities that students cannot gain during classes or self-studying. Though being smart and diligent, some students are called pedants because of not being able to exchange ideas with others freely. Only if a person is equipped with knowledge and is capable of expressing it can he become competent. So, it is significant for them to take part in social activities with the aim of lifting their communication skills. When pedants are forced to talking with others, it's a great chance for them to make new friends and express their thoughts, which may be an opportunity for their future career. Last but not the least is that the places provided for sports and social activities are in need of money. It is common that the school will spend a large sum of money to purchase updated books and facilities to fulfill the requirements of classes and libraries. However, finding a suitable place to play sports or hold social activities is always hard. Take my university as an example, if I want to read a book, I can easily find a seat in the library, but if I want to run for half an hour, the crowded gym will just turn me into a upset mood. Then, requiring the same amount of financial support to ameliorate the condition is just reasonable. In a nutshell, financial support should be contributed to sports and social activities just like classes and libraries, for they help with strengthening bodies, making progress in communication skills and they are in shortage of fund.

> Answer 2

Some people claim that universities and colleges should not spend a great deal of money on sports and social activities, as their budgets should prioritize classes and libraries. However, as educational institutions, universities and colleges have an obligation to provide a wide range of knowledge to their students to help them develop academically and socially. An increasing number of businesses have high demand for people who are not only specialists in their fields, but also skilled in social interaction. With the ever changing science and technology, no task can be fulfilled by a single person and given the need for collaboration, social skills and team spirit are indispensable qualities for success. Clearly, sports and social activities in universities and colleges provide students with the perfect settings to practice their social skills. By playing football in a team or joining in a contest, for instance, students can develop a sense of belonging and experience team spirit, both of which are quite essential for their future careers.  Aside from fostering social skills and team spirit, sports and social activities can greatly help students release their pressures. Nowadays, students not only have to finish all the tasks assigned by teachers, but also have to attend many extra-curricular training courses. Even the most enthusiastic people feel tired and exhausted if they keep this busy schedule for a pretty long time. For example, when I was in high school, I would play basketball with my classmates. I could always get good refreshment and resume schoolwork with higher efficiency later on.  Admittedly, academic education will always be at the heart of a university. In universities, sports and social activities should by no means take the place of a focus on academic study. However, what I believe is that universities and colleges are supposed to invest in academics as well as sports and social activities. For instance, in the United States, almost all famous universities have plenty of sports teams and social groups, and universities provide adequate financial support for these events. Both of these fields are highly valued.  For these reasons, I maintain that universities and colleges should spend enough money on academic education and social movements to prepare students for their future development.